Slashing:Deals Slashing Damage.;
Piercing:Deals Piercing Damage.;
Bludgeon:Deals Bludgeon Damage.;
Magic:Deals a form of Magic Damage.;
Non-Lethal:Deals Non-Lethal Damage.;
Variable:Indicates that it deals a specific type of magic damage, which is different between each weapon.;
Light:Indicates a weapon can be used with the Weapon Finesse feat.;
Reload(X):Indicates the number of move actions required to reload the weapon.;
Magazine(X):Indicates the number of shots that can be taken before requiring a reload.;
Reach:Indicates a weapon has 10 foot reach.;
Entangling:May bind the enemy on a successful hit. Bound enemies must pass a strength check(DC 15) or an escape artist check(DC 20) before they may take a move action. You may choose to not activate this effect. The weapon may not be used again while a target is bound.;
Trip:May attempt a trip with this weapon if enemy is entangled. You gain a +8 bonus on the opposed check. Enemy is no longer entangled after this attempt.;
Quick:Makes two attacks with each attack action. These attacks must be made against the same target.;
Short Ranged:Weapons with this may only be fired up to their range increment.;
Bashing:When you roll a 20 on your attack roll, your opponent is stunned for 1 round. If you have the Bash feat, you instead gain a +2 bonus to your Bash check.;
Charge:May be thrown at the target as part of a charge attack, in addition to the charge attack itself.;
Finesse:Adds Dex instead of Str to damage rolls made with this weapon.;
Deceptive:Feint attempts made with this weapon are a free action, and gain a +4 bonus.;
Sweep:Whenever you make an attack with this weapon, you may choose to make the attack a sweep. A sweep may only be performed with one attack per turn. A sweep cannot be executed more than once per turn. If a sweep hits, the target must take a Reflex Save of DC 10 + Attacker's STR modifier. If they fail, they are immediately knocked prone, as if with a trip.;
Multi-Styled:May be used 1 or 2 handed.;
Double:A double weapon can attack with either end of the weapon. While weilded two handed, they can be used to attack as if the attacker is weilding two weapons, and using two weapon fighting. All two weapon fighting bonuses can be applied while weilding a double weapon.;
Multi-Form:A Multi-Form weapon can be swapped between two forms. Doing so is a move action. If a Multi-Form weapon is listed as focus, it cannot be switched during combat if the weilder does not have the appropriate Weapon Focus feat. The two forms give bonuses, as listed in the brackets following Multi-Form. If one form deals more damage, this value will be listed in brackets following it's base damage, and the value will be repeated in the brackets.;